oh my god i still havent on my berry but
I found these I pop you looking good why
your constant which now i want to kiss
run through over the bar do the bag oh
that full full name shit I wit I sent
some shots at your feet spider one
spider one he saves the ladies and then
and then he takes them to us out get the
fuck off my car you all at me in the car
what do you expect when your
girlfriend's management won't let you in
the car right on the side of that bitch
I'm just gonna use the batter out buddy
you're my best friend believe this you
Cuddy oh yeah get him good dog wait
Casey what's up dude relax when it comes
to the phone your screen is not
hey Foster tomorrow we're going to the
vet and we're cutting your balls off in
turn day 5 somehow I survived thank God
it's Friday my children type of sleep
Michael go to sleep hard
hey Marcie's you know it's national
dolphin day how was of you like don't
worry I can take it I'm gonna check my
body oh you wanted me oh my god your
your lips look so pretty when they're
under sure like that you should keep
them like that come on let's go are you
kidding me seriously sir screw it my
friend same two into myself so I got him
but due to meet new people wow so
perfect you see it's why like you'll
never see into our life
okay I by stoppage time he spent all
that money up in your account already
you gave me twenty dollars a month ago
say something else mark it's called a
budget lil nigga